=head1 NAME

IO::Mux::Service::TCP - TCP (socket) based service

=head1 INHERITANCE

 IO::Mux::Service::TCP
   is a IO::Mux::Handler::Service
   is a IO::Mux::Handler

 IO::Mux::Service::TCP is extended by
   IO::Mux::HTTP::Server

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Accept TCP connections. When a connection arrives, it will get
handled by a new object which gets added to the multiplexer as
well.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item IO::Mux::Service::TCP-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option   --Defined in     --Default
  conn_opts                   []
  conn_type                   <required>
  fh         IO::Mux::Handler  <required>
  name       IO::Mux::Handler  'listen tcp $host:$port'

=over 2

=item conn_opts => ARRAY

Pass some extra options when objects of C<conn_type> are created.

=item conn_type => CLASS|CODE

The CLASS (package name) of client to be created for each new contact.
This CLASS must extend  L<IO::Mux::Net::TCP|IO::Mux::Net::TCP>. You may also provide a
CODE reference which will be called with the socket leading to the client.

=item fh => FILEHANDLE

=item name => STRING

=back

=item IO::Mux::Service::TCP-E<gt>B<open>(MODE, WHAT, OPTIONS)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Constructors">

=back

=head2 Accessors

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<clientType>

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fh>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Accessors">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fileno>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Accessors">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Accessors">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<name>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Accessors">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<socket>

=item $obj-E<gt>B<usesSSL>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Accessors">

=back

=head2 User interface

=head3 Connection

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<close>([CALLBACK])
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Connection">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<timeout>([TIMEOUT])
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Connection">

=back

=head2 Multiplexer

=head3 Connection

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_init>(MUX, [HANDLER])
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Connection">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_remove>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Connection">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_timeout>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Connection">

=back

=head3 Reading

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_except_flagged>(FILENO)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Reading">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_read_flagged>(FILENO)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Reading">

=back

=head3 Writing

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_write_flagged>(FILENO)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Writing">

=back

=head3 Service

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<mux_connection>(CLIENT)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler::Service/"Service">

=back

=head2 Helpers

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<extractSocket>(HASH)

=item IO::Mux::Service::TCP-E<gt>B<extractSocket>(HASH)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Helpers">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fdset>(STATE, READ, WRITE, ERROR)
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Helpers">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<show>
See L<IO::Mux::Handler/"Helpers">

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of IO-Mux distribution version 0.11,
built on January 26, 2011. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/>
All modules in this suite:
L</Any::Daemon>,
L</IO::Mux>, and
L</IO::Mux::HTTP>.

Please post questions or ideas to F<perl@overmeer.net>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2011 by Mark Overmeer. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

